fix link (#3827)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: migration/troubleshooting-common-spmt-issues.md

|Migration failed due to referring list is missing |The list has not been added to the task list. |Check your web part and the referring list to ensure it is in your migration scope.|
|Migration failed due to page being customized | SPMT currently does not support customized page migration. |Restore the page's template page by using SharePoint Designer and restart your migration.|
|Migration failed due to page migration failed |Migration of the page failed, and all the web parts on that page.| Retry migrating the failed page. If the page succeeds, then all the web parts on that page will successfully migrate.|

> |Migration failed due to it is an unsafe web part and the server setting 'NoScript'| When the setting **NoScript** is turned on in the target SharePoint site, the web parts are considered to be unsafe as they could have the ability to execute JavaScript scripts or other code. Web parts will be blocked from migrating. |Turn off the  **NoScript** setting on the target SharePoint site so that these web parts will be unblocked. Important: Your site may be at risk if you turn off the settings. See this [link](/sharepoint/allow-or-prevent-custom-script) for more info. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Migration failed due to it is an unsafe web part and the server setting 'NoScript'| When the setting **NoScript** is turned on in the target SharePoint site, the web parts are considered to be unsafe as they could have the ability to execute JavaScript scripts or other code. Web parts will be blocked from migrating. |Turn off the  **NoScript** setting on the target SharePoint site so that these web parts will be unblocked. Important: Your site may be at risk if you turn off the settings. For more information, see [Allow or prevent custom script](/sharepoint/allow-or-prevent-custom-script). |
```
